doc: document non-node_modules-only runtime deprecation (#50748)
nodejs/node: doc/api/deprecations.md

* An improved alternative API is available.
* Breaking changes to the API are expected in a future major release.

> Node.js uses four kinds of Deprecations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js uses four kinds of deprecations:
```

* Documentation-only

> * Runtime (non-`node_modules` code only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Application (non-`node_modules` code only)
```

are explicitly labeled as such in the
[list of Deprecated APIs](#list-of-deprecated-apis).

> A Runtime deprecation for only non-`node_modules` code will, by default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A runtime deprecation for only non-`node_modules` code will, by default,
```

Author: I guess with the suggestion above this should be

```suggestion
An Application deprecation for only non-`node_modules` code will, by default,
```

instead.

    description: Documentation-only deprecation.
-->

> Type: Runtime (non-`node_modules` code only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Type: Application (non-`node_modules` code only)
```
